Update public-key CLI options (#866)
hyperledger/besu-docs: docs/Reference/CLI/CLI-Subcommands.md

=== "Syntax"

    ```bash
    besu public-key export [--node-private-key-file=<file>] [--to=<key-file>]
    ```

=== "Example (to standard output)"

    ```bash
    besu --data-path=<node data path> public-key export --node-private-key-file=/home/me/me_node/myPrivateKey
    ```

=== "Example (to file)"

    ```bash
    besu --data-path=<node data path> public-key export --node-private-key-file=/home/me/me_node/myPrivateKey --to=/home/me/me_project/not_precious_pub_key
    ```

Outputs the node public key to standard output or to the file specified by `--to=<key-file>`.

> You can add the subcommand [`--node-private-key-file=<file>`](CLI-Syntax.md#node-private-key-file)
> to export the public key associated with the private key file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can output the public key associated with a specific private key file using the [`--node-private-key-file`](CLI-Syntax.md#node-private-key-file) option.
```

Btw, `--node-private-key-file` is an option, not a subcommand.

### `export-address`

=== "Syntax"

    ```bash
    besu public-key export-address [--node-private-key-file=<file>] [--to=<address-file>]
    ```

=== "Example (to standard output)"

    ```bash
    besu --data-path=<node data path> public-key export-address --node-private-key-file=/home/me/me_node/myPrivateKey
    ```

=== "Example (to file)"

    ```bash
    besu --data-path=<node data path> public-key export-address --node-private-key-file=/home/me/me_node/myPrivateKey --to=/home/me/me_project/me_node_address
    ```

Outputs the node address to standard output or to the file specified by `--to=<address-file>`.

> You can add the subcommand [`--node-private-key-file=<file>`](CLI-Syntax.md#node-private-key-file)
> to export the node address associated with the private key file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can output the address associated with a specific private key file using the [`--node-private-key-file`](CLI-Syntax.md#node-private-key-file) option.
```
